Add functions to `list` (#4)
Gondolav/pyfuncol: README.md

### API

> For lists, please refer to this [API reference](https://pyfuncol.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pyfuncol.html#module-pyfuncol.list)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For lists, please refer to the [docs](https://pyfuncol.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pyfuncol.html#module-pyfuncol.list)
```

> For dictionaries, please refer to this [API reference](https://pyfuncol.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pyfuncol.html#module-pyfuncol.dict)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For dictionaries, please refer to the [docs](https://pyfuncol.readthedocs.io/en/latest/pyfuncol.html#module-pyfuncol.dict)
```

> For more details, please have a look to [API reference](https://pyfuncol.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, please have a look at the [API reference](https://pyfuncol.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules.html).
```
